Document MsgChannelUpgradeCancel (#5274)
cosmos/ibc-go: docs/docs/01-ibc/06-channel-upgrades.md

Reviewer: Curious about the layout of docs for channel upgrades.

There is an upgrades directory `05-upgrades`, maybe this page (channel upgrades) should be a subpage maintained within that directory. Any thoughts? cc. @crodriguezvega @srdtrk

Reviewer 2: We can fine tune the layout and the exact location later on. 👍

---
title: Channel Upgrades
sidebar_label: Channel Upgrades
sidebar_position: 6
slug: /ibc/channel-upgrades
---

# Channel Upgrades

:::note Synopsis
Learn how to upgrade existing IBC channels.
:::

## Cancelling a Channel Upgrade

Channel upgrade cancellation is performed by submitting a `MsgChannelUpgradeCancel` message.

> It is possible to cancel a channel upgrade in if the following are true:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to cancel an in-progress channel upgrade if the following are true:
```

- the channel has not yet reached the `FLUSHCOMPLETE` state.

> - the upgrade has initiated. This will be true if the `MsgChannelUpgradeInit` or `MsgChannelUpgradeTry` message has been

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the upgrade has been initiated. This will be true if the `MsgChannelUpgradeInit` or `MsgChannelUpgradeTry` message has been
```

  submitted.

> - An `ErrorReceipt` of a failed upgrade attempt on the counterparty chain and proof are provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ExistenceProof of an `ErrorReceipt` on the counterparty chain at an appropriate upgrade sequence is submitted for a failed upgrade attempt.
```

> > Note: if the signer is the authority, e.g. the `gov` address, no `ErrorReceipt` or proof is required.

Reviewer: ah yes, that case isn't covered here it seems

> These can be left empty in the `MsgChannelUpgradeCancel` message.

> Upon cancelling a channel upgrade, an `ErrorReceipt` will be written with the current channel's upgrade sequence, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon cancelling a channel upgrade, an `ErrorReceipt` will be written with the channel's current upgrade sequence, and
```

> the channel will be reverted to the pre-upgraded state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the channel will be reverted to the pre-upgrade state.
```

> the channel will be reverted to the pre-upgrade state.

Reviewer 2: This is not exactly correct, right? Because the channel has not been upgraded yet (still has the pre-upgrade values), so it doesn't need to be reverted. Only the channel state might have changed, right?

```suggestion
the channel will move back to `OPEN` state keeping its original parameters.
```

Or something like that.

> The application callback's `OnChanUpgradeRestore` method will be invoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application's `OnChanUpgradeRestore` callback method will be invoked.
```

> It will then be possible to re-initiate the upgrade by sending a `MsgChannelOpenInit` message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will then be possible to re-initiate an upgrade by sending a `MsgChannelOpenInit` message.
```
